before we get into the video I just want
to say all clips are recorded on the
legendary difficulty no sliders were
used in the clips and I simulated in
leagues with small amount of teams so
that I could get through the seasons as
quickly as possible and get them to
their full potential I hope you enjoy
this video what is up guys it is your
boy we Mencia lebanon today I have a new
series for you and this is a series
where I review the best young players on
career mode I will show you how much you
can get them for at the start of assure
you their in-game stats I will show you
how much they go up to whenever they
fully develop and I will show you their
to felt in game starts obviously so as
you see the first player in this series
we will be doing is young men some the
Bayer Leverkusen Manning 77 overall 21
years of age his value is 6 million and
you can get him in between 6 and 10
million euros on the game so you know
there's the same game starts obviously I
don't shoe I go through these in-game
stuff a lot quicker than I and cool 3
and stats whenever he's fully developed
because obviously he's got a lot better
stats and they're more nice to look at
and as you see a few seasons and he's
worth 103 million night obviously if you
want to keep him long you have to give
him a good amount of wages but in a few
seasons you can easily sell them on for
20 for 20 to 30 plus million and you
know he is a good player on the pitch he
does he is a winger but he's very
versatile he can played in a swing he
can play strike or he's in place under I
think it's centre forward and cam also
and maybe Center I think that's the only
positions that he can play but I do see
his stats of when top jurassica lee as
you see you can play calm striker centre
forward and as you see he's got a lot
more specialities the speedster Acrobat
cross her finish short she had long shot
tinker tree and obviously as he
developed he obviously key into better
tree it's nice you may think looking at
some of these schools they are fantastic
and he plays like that on the pitch no
on FIFA personally I like faster
left-wing so that's why I
like playing this guy at striker I've
played him a few games at striker and
I've played him a few games at last wing
on left-wing he can't cut inside but
it's kind of difficult weapons he
doesn't have four-star skills so you're
very limited to with skill moves to cut
inside like you can't do the likes of
the chop stick etcetera etc mckiddy spin
however whenever I played him a striker
you know he was just perfect for that
role he can't cut in and hit a fantastic
finish shot like his shooting in and
around the box is fantastic his shooting
it's probably one of the best players I
have used on career moves and I have
used quite a lot of high rated players
nice you know look at that you may think
Wolsey school these goals are oh they're
not as good as you think they are but as
I think they are but you know I am
playing on legendary fair enough the
opposition he is playing against may not
be the best because obviously I put it
in the Australian eat because that's one
of the smallest leagues on FIFA so I was
able to sim through the seasons a lot
lot quicker than I would if I had kind
of went for the Bundesliga because
obviously in the Bundesliga you've got
the cops were in the Australian leg I
don't think there's any like local cops
so I think it's just the league and well
on FIFA anyway so that's how I was able
to get him up really so fast and you
know even if you want to I would
definitely recommend you pick this guy
up finishing and seeing if he is so
rapid he is so strong his long shots are
fantastic nice you know maybe if he's
not your type of player I would probably
go for a slightly faster striker or a
slightly faster winger but he does the
job so I hope you enjoyed this review
definitely go pick this guy up he is a
fantastic player he can do everything he
can shoot he can pass he can cross he
can head I hope you enjoyed this video
please leave a like comment and
subscribe
peace